/* Samuel H Cho -- Lab #5 -- Report (Part #2-3) -- Fundamentals of Computing II
Report on the nitty-gritty of making a sudoku/wordoku puzzle from a templated class */

My program is meant to make a visual display of a sudoku puzzle board. Once presented it prompts the user to input valid coordinates and values for the sudoku board in an attempt to solve it. The text files used for both the sudoku and wordoku puzzles are already coded into the main function so the user simply tries to solve the game and nothing more.

The program is structured through a hierarchy of functions. The play() function pretty much encapsulates everything else and makes the main file look super simple and pretty. Within the play function are the functions designed to gather user input, validate that input, print out the puzzle after each input, and see if the player has won or not. Most of the validating was the hardest part of this lab and I used a lot of for loops and if statements to categorize the grids, rows, and columns, in terms of respective error-checking.

I think the most simple and kind of rewarding way to evaluate my program for correctness was to simply play it. I spent a few minutes cracking the puzzle and it was fun in the process. I always played sudoku growing up and this was a fun little throwback. At first, the program didn't run correctly due to a syntax error within my if statements regarding the grids, but after inputting some cout's around my code to see where the code was stopping, I figured out the problem and fixed it.

I think everything but my valid function went pretty smoothly. The beginning is always a little rocky because you are building a program from scratch, but after the layout was done, adding the meat to the bones is not too difficult. The use of functions and its relation to other functions worked well and I would say the part I struggled on the most was simply the validation because I couldn't think of a simpler way to solve the problem and despite my passion for fashion over function, I had to just choose the functionable way to solve the problem by coding more than I probably should have instead of wasting hours stressing about how I could make the code prettier. The code is implemented through the main file in succession. The number sudoku puzzle is instantiated first as an object of the class and once the play function is completed by winning the game, the wordoku object is then instantiated to be played as well.
